Fix running with npm on Windows (#46)
keystonejs/create-keystone-app: .changeset/nine-suits-jump.md

---
'create-keystone-next-app': patch
---

> Fixed a windows issue where CKA would not run via npx or npm init

Reviewer: People are seeing this in the changelog for this package, they already know what package you're talking about and CKA isn't really accurate sort of?

```suggestion
Fixed a windows issue where the package would not run via npx or npm init
```
